King of life
You are good at using your own advantages,
But this life,
You are the most naive person to talk.
Don't get hurt
Don’t wait for my black heart anymore
I can be around there
stabbed by you
Qingcha Cangguan is the owner of the family
Already occupied Tiancheng’s secret identity
Find out clearly
In cloud city
Fengxunzhanren
There is also a talented queen
The helpful Jhantian city Jhantian city
Di is all the subordinates of Beijiang Shiwang
Now under the rule of Feng Xun
I am a useless king
I was beaten so severely that I didn't expect it.
He really knows how to make a name for himself today
You find him and tell him
if he is willing to help me
Take the Beijiang Stone Network line first.
I'll let him go back to Zhan's house